The purpose of this plugin is to enable searching for classes, functions or any
other language structures by their name. It expects a tag file generated by
using exuberant ctags. It's very similar to the built-in `:tag` command, but
with two added bonuses:

- It can filter tags by their kind (function, class, etc.).
- It opens the results in a quickfix window if there's more than one match.

The plugin defines a command, `:DefineTagFinder`, that lets you create a
command that does just that. The syntax is:

``` vim
" in after/plugin/tagfinders.vim, for example
DefineTagFinder FindClass c,class

" or, in your .vimrc:
" first, load the plugin:
runtime plugin/tagfinder.vim
" then, define the command as before
DefineTagFinder FindClass c,class
```

After this command is invoked, you can execute the `:FindClass` command with a
tag name, which will send you to the class if it's unique, or load the entries
in the quickfix window and let you choose between them.

``` vim
:FindClass ActiveRecord
```

Even more conveniently, the newly defined command will have tab-completion with
the tag names, so you don't have to type it all in and you can see a useful
overview of the matching classes (or functions, modules, vim commands...).

You can also define a command without providing filters for particular tag
kinds:

``` vim
DefineTagFinder Tag
```

This new `:Tag` command would now act like the built-in `:tag` command, except
it would use the quickfix window for results.

Since different file types have different tag definitions, you can override
commands per buffer by placing `DefineLocalTagFinder` invocations in filetype
plugins, or by using autocommands:

``` vim
" in ftplugin/ruby.vim
DefineLocalTagFinder Method      f,method
DefineLocalTagFinder ClassMethod F,singleton\ method

" in .vimrc
autocommand FileType java DefineLocalTagFinder Method m,method
```

Notice the escaped space in "singleton\ method". The `Define` commands expect
to be given two space-separated arguments -- the name and the kinds. Because of
that, the kinds themselves should have no unescaped spaces in them.

The plugin comes with **no predefined finder commands**. My personal preference
is to call them "Class", "Function" and so on, but you might prefer to use
"FindClass" and "FindFunction" instead. The plugin simply provides the defining
commands. For more information on installation and usage, please take a look at
the doc file.
